**[Good Code Reviews, Better Code Reviews](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/good-code-reviews-better-code-reviews/)**

1. Areas Covered by the Code Review:

    - **Good code reviews** look at the change itself and how it fits into the codebase. They will look through the clarity of the title and description and "why" of the change. They cover the correctness of the code, test coverage, functionality changes and confirm following the coding guides and best practices. They will point out obvious improvements, such as hard to understand code, unclear names, commented out code, untested code or unhandled edge cases. They will also note when too many changes are crammed in one review, suggesting keeping code changes single purposed and breaking the change into more focused parts.
    - **Better code reviews** also look at the change in the context of the larger system, as well as check that changes are easy to maintain. They might ask questions about the necessity of the change or how it impacts other parts of the system. They look at abstractions introduced and how these fit into the existing software architecture. They note maintainability observations, such as complex logic that could be simplified, test structure, duplication and other possible improvements.

2. Tone of the Review:
    - **Good code reviews** ask open-ended questions over making strong or opinionated statements. They offer alternatives and possible workarounds that might work better for the situation. These reviews assume the reviewer might be missing something and ask for clarification instead of correction, at first.
    - **Better code reviews** are also empathetic. They know that the person writing the code spent a lot of time and effort on this change. These code reviews are kind and unassuming. They applaud nice solutions and are all-round positive.

3. Approving vs Requesting Changes:
    - **Good code reviews** don't approve changes while there are open-ended questions. However, they make it clear which questions or comments are non-blocking or unimportant, often called "nitpicks" or marked with "nit". They are explicit when approving a change - e.g. giving it a LGTM. They are equally explicit when they are requesting a follow-up, using the code review tool or team convention to communicate this.
    - **Better code reviews** still don't approve changes until there are important questions that need to be answered or addressed.  These reviews are firm on the principle but flexible on the practice: sometimes, certain comments are addressed by the author with a separate, follow-up code change. For changes that are more urgent than others, reviewers try to make themselves available for quicker reviews.

4. From Code Reviews to Talking to Each Other:
    - **Good code reviews** leave as many comments and questions as are needed. If the revision does not address all of them, they will note those as well. When the conversation gets into a long back-and-forth, reviewers will try to switch to talking to the author in-person over burning more time using the code review tool.
    - **Better code reviews** will proactively reach out to the person making the change after they do a first pass on the code and have lots of comments and questions. These people have learned that they save a lot of time, misunderstandings and hard feelings this way, over going back-and-forth on the new revisions. The fact that there are many comments on the code indicates that there is likely some misunderstanding on either side. These kinds of misunderstandings are easier identified and resolved by talking things through.

5. Nitpicks:
    - **Good code reviews** usually don't have too many nitpicks. Too many nitpicks can become frustrating and take the attention away from the more important parts of the review.
    - **Better code reviews** realize that too many nitpicks are a smell of lack of tooling or a lack of standards. Reviewers who come across these frequently will look at solving this problem outside the code review process. For example, most of the common nitpick comments can be solved via automated linting. Those that cannot, can usually be resolved by the team agreeing to certain standards, following them - perhaps even automating them, eventually.

6. Code reviews for new joiners:
    - **Good code reviews** use the same quality bar and approach for everyone, regardless of their job title, level or when they joined the company. Following the above, code reviews have a kind tone, request changes where needed and will reach out to talk to reviewers, when they have many comments.
    - **Better code reviews** pay additional attention to making the first few reviews for new joiners a great experience.

7. Cross-office, Cross-timezone Reviews:
    - **Good code reviews** account for the timezone difference when they can. Reviewers aim to review the code in the overlapping time between offices, assuming there are a few hours. 
    - **Better code reviews** notice when code reviews repeatedly run into timezone issues and look for a systemic solution, outside the code review framework.

---

**[Understanding Worker Threads in Node.js](https://nodesource.com/blog/worker-threads-nodejs)**

When a Node.js process is launched, it runs:

- One process: a process is a global object that can be accessed anywhere and has information about what’s being executed at a time.
- One thread: being single-threaded means that only one set of instructions is executed at a time in a given process.
- One event loop: this is one of the most important aspects to understand about Node. It’s what allows Node to be asynchronous and have non-blocking I/O, — despite the fact that JavaScript is single-threaded — by offloading operations to the system kernel whenever possible through callbacks, promises and async/await.
- One JS Engine Instance: this is a computer program that executes JavaScript code.
- One Node.js Instance: the computer program that executes Node.js code.

The code of Node.js is NOT executed in parallel. Only I/O operations are run in parallel, because they are executed asynchronously.

So Worker Threads will not help much with I/O-intensive work because asynchronous I/O operations are more efficient than Workers can be. The main goal of Workers is to improve the performance on CPU-intensive operations not I/O operations.

The best solution for CPU performance is Worker Threads.

Worker threads have:
- One process
- Multiple threads
- One event loop per thread
- One JS Engine Instance per thread
- One Node.js Instance per thread

The `worker_threads` module enables the use of threads that execute JavaScript in parallel. To access it:
```javascript
const worker = require('worker_threads');
```

What is expected for Workers (hopefully):
- Passing native handles around (e.g. sockets, http request)
- Deadlock detection. Deadlock is a situation where a set of processes are blocked because each process is holding a resource and waiting for another resource acquired by some other process. Deadlock detention will be useful for Worker threads in this case.
- More isolation, so if one process is affected, it won’t affect others.

What NOT to expect for Workers:
- Don’t think Workers make everything magically faster, in some cases is better to use Worker pool
- Don’t use Workers for parallelizing I/O operations.
- Don’t think spawning Workers is cheap
