**[React v16.9.0 and the Roadmap Update](https://reactjs.org/blog/2019/08/08/react-v16.9.0.html)**

**Renaming Unsafe Lifecycle Methods:**
- `componentWillMount` → `UNSAFE_componentWillMount`
- `componentWillReceiveProps` → `UNSAFE_componentWillReceiveProps`
- `componentWillUpdate` → `UNSAFE_componentWillUpdate`

**Deprecating javascript: URLs**
```javascript
const userProfile = {
  website: "javascript: alert('you got hacked')",
};
// This will now warn:
<a href={userProfile.website}>Profile</a>
```
In React 16.9, this pattern continues to work, but it will log a warning.
In a future major release, React will throw an error if it encounters a javascript: URL.

**Deprecating “Factory” Components**
```javascript
function FactoryComponent() {
  return { render() { return <div />; } }
}
```
This pattern is confusing because it looks too much like a function component — but it isn’t one. (A function component would just return the `<div />` in the above example.)

This pattern was almost never used in the wild, and supporting it causes React to be slightly larger and slower than necessary. So we are deprecating this pattern in 16.9 and logging a warning if it’s encountered.

**Features**

1. Async act() for Testing: React 16.8 introduced a new testing utility called act() to help you write tests that better match the browser behavior. However, in 16.8 act() only supported synchronous functions. In React 16.9, act() also accepts asynchronous functions, and you can await its call.
2. Performance Measurements with <React.Profiler>: In React 16.9, we are also adding a programmatic way to gather measurements called <React.Profiler>. The <Profiler> measures how often a React application renders and what the “cost” of rendering is. Its purpose is to help identify parts of an application that are slow and may benefit from optimizations such as memoization.

---

**[Async Generator Functions in JavaScript](http://thecodebarbarian.com/async-generator-functions-in-javascript.html)**

**JavaScript has 6 distinct types of functions:**
- Normal functions `function() {}`
- Arrow functions `() => {}`
- Async functions `async function() {}`
- Async arrow functions `async () => {}`
- Generator functions `function*() {}`
- Async generator functions `async function*() {}`

Async generator functions behave similarly to generator functions: the generator function returns an object that has a next() function, and calling next() executes the generator function until the next yield. The difference is that an async iterator's next() function returns a promise.

```javascript
'use strict';

async function* run() {
  await new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, 100));
  yield 'Hello';
  console.log('World');
}

// `run()` returns an async iterator.
const asyncIterator = run();

// The function doesn't start running until you call `next()`
asyncIterator.next().
  then(obj => console.log(obj.value)). // Prints "Hello"
  then(() => asyncIterator.next());  // Prints "World"
```

The cleanest way to loop through an entire async generator function is using a for/await/of loop.

```javascript
'use strict';

async function* run() {
  await new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, 100));
  yield 'Hello';
  console.log('World');
}

const asyncIterator = run();

// Prints "Hello\nWorld"
(async () => {
  for await (const val of asyncIterator) {
    console.log(val); // Prints "Hello"
  }
})();
```

---

**[Explaining the globalThis ES Proposal](https://2ality.com/2019/08/global-this.html)**

There are two kinds of global variables:
1. Global declarative variables are normal variables. They are created in the top level of a script, via `const`, `let`, and `class` declarations.
2. Global object variables are stored in properties of the global object.
    - They are created in the top level of a script, via var and function declarations.
    - They can also be created, deleted, and read via the global object.
    - Other than that, they work like normal variables.

The global object can be accessed via globalThis.
```html
<script>
  const one = 1;
  var two = 2;
</script>
<script>
  // All scripts share the same top-level scope:
  console.log(one); // 1
  console.log(two); // 2
  
  // Not all declarations create properties of the global object:
  console.log(globalThis.one); // undefined
  console.log(globalThis.two); // 2
</script>
```

The value of this depends on the current scope:
1. Top level of scripts: global object (in browsers)
2. Top level of ECMAScript modules: undefined
3. During a function call:
    - Strict mode (including modules): undefined
    - Sloppy mode: same as global this

In browsers, the global this does not point directly to the global object.
Browsers achieve that by distinguishing two objects:
- Window is the global object. It changes whenever the location changes.
- WindowProxy is an object that forwards all accesses to the current Window. This object never changes.

`globalThis` is the new standard way of accessing global this. Existing simple ways depend on the platform:
- Global variable window: is the classic way of referring to the global object. But it doesn’t work in Node.js and in Web Workers.
- Global variable self: is available in Web Workers and browsers in general. But it isn’t supported by Node.js. Some people take self appearing in code, as a sign that that code works in both Web Workers and normal browser settings.
- Global variable global: is only available in Node.js.

ECMAScript introduced several features that make it easier to avoid the global object – for example:
- `const`, `let`, and `class` declarations don’t create global object properties when used in global scope.
- Each ECMAScript module has its own local scope.

There are relatively few use cases for globalThis – for example:
- Polyfills and shims that provide new features on JavaScript engines.
- Feature detection, to find out what features a JavaScript engine supports.

---

**[What’s new in ES2019](https://blog.tildeloop.com/posts/javascript-what%E2%80%99s-new-in-es2019)**

1. `Array.flat()`
2. `Array.flatMap()`
3. `String.trimStart() and String.trimEnd()`
4. `Object.fromEntries`
5. `Optional Catch Binding`
6. `Symbol.description`
7. `Function.toString()`
8. `JSON.parse() improvements`

---

