**[5 Mobile App Design Trends You Should Know for 2020](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/5-mobile-app-design-trends-you-should-know-for-2020)**

- Trend 1: Voice-enabled Search
- Trend 2: Dark Mode
- Trend 3: Better Onboarding
- Trend 4: Push Notification Requests with Personality
- Trend 5: PWA and Native App Companions

---

**[Command-line tool and terminal JSON viewer](https://github.com/antonmedv/fx)**

---

**[20 ways to become a better Node.js developer in 2020](https://medium.com/@me_37286/20-ways-to-become-a-better-node-js-developer-in-2020-d6bd73fcf424)**

- Use TypeScript features thoughtfully
- Modernize your testing toolbox. Ava & Jest are changing the game
- Plan your ES6 modules usage strategy. See, it’s a bit tricky
- Meet the latest JavaScript features that are turning green soon
- Experiment architectures outside of your comfort zone. Note how GraphQL is disrupting the traditional models
- Check out the winner of the 2019 oscar — Nest.js
- Apply gradual deployment techniques like feature-flagging, canary or traffic shadowing
- Shift your testing left — test more things and sooner
- Shift your testing right — test in/with production
- Be ready to use your new async pocket knife — worker threads
- Deepen your Docker and Kubernetes understanding. It highly affects your Node.js code.
- Security: Learn to think like an attacker by skimming through vulnerable code examples
- Learn at least one: ELK or Prometheus
- Use machine learning as a black-box product
- Sleep >7 hours a night. This matters far more than any technology you use and scientifically prooved to make you a better developer
- Quit Express, it’s aged and not maintained properly. Fastify and Koa are great candidates in 2020
- Revisit these bullets from last year — some are still highly relevant
- Enrich your CI with automated quality tools
- Enrich your mindset, diversify your toolbox
- Get inspiration from these great 5 starter projects

---

**[What’s Deno, and how is it different from Node.js?](https://blog.logrocket.com/what-is-deno/)**

Deno is a secure Typescript runtime built on V8, the Google runtime engine for JavaScript.

It was built with:
- Rust (Deno’s core was written in Rust, Node’s in C++)
- Tokio (the event loop written in Rust)
- TypeScript (Deno supports both JavaScript and TypeScript out of the box)
- V8 (Google’s JavaScript runtime used in Chrome and Node, among others)

Among the most important of Deno’s features is its focus on security.
As opposed to Node, Deno by default executes the code in a sandbox, which means that runtime has no access to:
- The file system
- The network
- Execution of other scripts
- The environment variables

Deno, just like browsers, loads modules by URLs.

---

**[Mastering JS console.log like a Pro](https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/mastering-js-console-log-like-a-pro-1c634e6393f9)**