**[The 10 Component Commandments](https://dev.to/selbekk/the-10-component-commandments-2a7f)**

1. Stable versioning
   One of the most important things to consider when you're creating an API, is to keep it as stable as possible. That means minimizing the amount of breaking changes over time. If you do have breaking changes, make sure to write extensive upgrade guides, and if possible, provide a code-mod that automates that process for the consumer.

    If you're publishing your API, make sure to adhere to Semantic Versioning. This makes it easy for the consumer to decide what version is required.

2. Descriptive error messages
   Whenever an error occurs when calling your API, you should do your best to explain what went wrong, and how to fix it.

3. Minimize developer surprise
   While we're speaking of minimizing stuff - minimize your API as well. Tons of features are all well and good, but the less surface your API has, the less your consumers will have to learn. That - in turn - is perceived as an easy API to use!

    There are always ways to control the size of your APIs - one is to refactor out a new API from your old one.

4. Document the usage
   There are several ways to document components, but in our view there are 3 options that we want to recommend:

    - Storybook
    - Styleguidist
    - Docz

5. Allow for contextual semantics
6. Avoid boolean props in some cases
   Boolean properties often doesn't scale with changing requirements. Instead - try to use enumerated values like strings for values that might have a chance to become anything other than a binary choice.

7. Use `props.children`
   The reason for this is that it's much easier to use than having a content prop or something else that typically only accepts a simple value like text.

    ```javascript
    <TableCell content="Some text" />

    // vs

    <TableCell>Some text</TableCell>
    ```

8. Let the parent hook into internal logic
   Quickly summarized, this pattern of passing in a "state reducer" function to your component will let the consumer access all the actions dispatched inside of your component. You could change the state, or trigger side-effects even. It's a great way to allow for a high level of customization, without all the props.
    ```javascript
    function MyCustomDropdown(props) {
        const stateReducer = (state, action) => {
            if (action.type === Dropdown.actions.CLOSE) {
                buttonRef.current.focus();
            }
        };
        return (
            <>
                <Dropdown stateReducer={stateReducer} {...props} />
                <Button ref={buttonRef}>Open</Button>
            </>
        )
    }
    ```

9. Spread the remaining props
    Whenever you create a new component - make sure to spread the remaining props onto whatever element makes sense.
    ```javascript
    function ToolTip({ isVisible, ...rest }) {
        return isVisible ? <span role="tooltip" {...rest} /> : null;
    }
    ```

10. Give sufficient defaults
    Whenever you can, make sure to provide sufficient defaults for your props. This way, you can minimize the amount of props you have to pass - and it simplifies your implementation a great deal.

    Take the example of an onClick handler. If you're not requiring one in your code, provide a noop-function as a default prop. This way, you can call it in your code as if it was always provided.

11. Don't rename HTML attributes
    HTML as a language comes with its own props - or attributes, and it is in itself the API of the HTML elements. Why not keep using this API?

12. Write prop types (or types)
    No documentation is as good as documentation that lives inside your code. React comes fully kitted out with a great way to declare your component APIs with the prop-types package.

13. Design for the developers
    Make sure your API and "component experience" is optimized for the people that will use it - your fellow developers.

---

**[Migrate your Flutter App to Flutter](https://medium.com/flutter-community/migrate-your-flutter-app-to-flutter-web-4bd3c9b3e81d)**

Limitations as of now:
1. There is no way as of this moment to directly generate the web build without making changes which would affect the mobile versions. For example,(shown below) packages across the code need to be changed for the web version.
2. Libraries that are mobile-specific like `cupertino_icons` needs to be manually removed from `pubspec` and cannot be handled in real time.
3. Chromium-based browsers and Safari is supported and tested as of now, Firefox and Edge will be supported completely, but testing on them now is limited. IE support is not planned.

---

**[What I Learned Co-Founding Dribbble](https://medium.com/dribbble/what-i-learned-co-founding-dribbble-8680f6816e3d)**

1. Choose your partner wisely
2. Start with a t-shirt
3. Your first 100 members are critical
4. Pave the cowpaths
5. Don’t be afraid to throw things away
6. Persistent iteration over flashy launches: When designing for a community, building trust and a place that’s comfortable for folks to come back to every day is essential, especially when just starting out.
7. Not knowing what you’re doing is okay: Having the ability to laugh at your mistakes while at the same time being unafraid of jumping into things you don’t know how to do is an incredibly powerful quality. And I think it’s crucial for people to have that when creating and running businesses.
8. Grow thick skin. Quickly.
   1. Learn who to ignore
   2. Celebrate the positive
9. Trends come and go and come back again
10. Everything is temporary and that’s ok: Another reason not to get hung up on whether something’s trendy or not: It’s all temporary anyway.
11. People and relationships are what’s most important
12. Stay sharp with side projects
13. Don’t be superstitious
14. Find a good lawyer and accountant
15. Identify when you’re being stubborn
16. Write, teach, and share what you’re learning
17. Don’t take funding
18. Take care of yourself first
19. Knowing when to let go


