**[Image Processing Shortcuts using AI and ML](https://dougsillars.com/2019/06/27/image-processing-shortcuts-using-ai-and-ml-part-1/)**

Machine Learning Limitations
1. The object identification libraries can only identify items it has been trained to identify. 
2. In order to properly identify a new object, a new model must be trained. 

---

**[How Google Pagespeed works: Improve Your Score and Search Engine Ranking](https://calibreapp.com/blog/how-pagespeed-works/)**

What is Google Lighthouse?
1. Lighthouse is an open source project run by a dedicated team from Google Chrome. Over the past couple of years, it has become the go-to free performance analysis tool.
2. Lighthouse uses Chrome’s Remote Debugging Protocol to read network request information, measure JavaScript performance, observe accessibility standards and measure user-focused timing metrics like First Contentful Paint, Time to Interactive or Speed Index.

How Lighthouse calculates the Performance Score
There are 6 metrics used to create the overall performance score. They are:
1. Time to Interactive (TTI)
2. Speed Index
3. First Contentful Paint (FCP)
4. First CPU Idle
5. First Meaningful Paint (FMP)
6. Estimated Input Latency

At a high level, there are two significant factors that hugely influence TTI:
1. The amount of JavaScript delivered to the page
2. The run time of JavaScript tasks on the main thread

Effective measures for reducing the amount of script from your pages:
- Review and remove polyfills that are no longer required for your audience.
- Understand the cost of each third-party JavaScript library. Use webpack-bundle-analyser or source-map-explorer to visualise the how large each library is.
- Modern JavaScript tooling (like Webpack) can break-up large JavaScript applications into a series of small bundles that are automatically loaded as a user navigates. This approach is known as code splitting and is extremely effective in improving TTI.
- Service workers will cache the bytecode result of a parsed + compiled script. If you’re able to make use of this, visitors will pay a one-time performance cost for parse and compilation, after that it’ll be mitigated by cache.

