**简述Chromium, CEF, Webkit, JavaScriptCore, V8, Blink**

浏览器内核概念
浏览器内核分为两部分：渲染引擎（render engin）、js引擎(js engin)

渲染引擎：负责对网页语法的解释（HTML、javaScript、引入css等），并渲染（显示）网页
js引擎：javaScript的解释、编译、执行主流内核：Trident(IE)、Gecko(FireFox)、Webkit(Safari)、Presto(opera前内核、已废弃)、blink(Chrome)

---

**[React Native is the Future of Mobile at Shopify](https://engineering.shopify.com/blogs/engineering/react-native-future-mobile-shopify)**

How React Native Works
React Native provides a way to build native cross platform mobile apps using JavaScript. React Native is similar to React in that it allows developers to create declarative user interfaces in JavaScript, for which it internally creates a hierarchy tree of UI elements or in React terminology a virtual DOM. Whereas the output of ReactJS targets a browser, React Native translates the virtual DOM into mobile native views using platform native bindings that interface with application logic in JavaScript.

---

**[TypeScript enums: How do they work? What can they be used for?](https://2ality.com/2020/01/typescript-enums.html)**

- Each enum member has a name and a value. The default for enums is to be numeric.
- TypeScript only supports numbers and strings as enum member values. Other values, such as symbols, are not allowed.
- TypeScript distinguishes three ways of specifying enum member values:
  - Literal enum members are initialized
  - Constant enum members are initialized via expressions whose results can be computed at compile time.
  - Computed enum members are initialized via arbitrary expressions.
- An enum member is constant if its value can be computed at compile time.
- TypeScript compiles enums to JavaScript objects.

```typescript
enum NoYes {
  No = 'No',
  Yes = 'Yes',
}
function func(x: NoYes.No) {
  return x;
}

func(NoYes.No); // OK

//@ts-ignore: Argument of type '"No"' is not assignable to
//            parameter of type 'NoYes.No'.
func('No');

//@ts-ignore: Argument of type 'NoYes.Yes' is not assignable to
//            parameter of type 'NoYes.No'.
func(NoYes.Yes);
```

---

**[What does 'source' do?](https://superuser.com/questions/46139/what-does-source-do)**

source is a bash shell built-in command that executes the content of the file passed as argument, in the current shell. It has a synonym in . (period).

```shell
. filename [arguments]

source filename [arguments]
```

Be careful! `./` and `source` are not quite the same.

- `./script` runs the script as an executable file, launching a new shell to run it
- `source script` reads and executes commands from filename in the current shell environment

Note: `./script` is not `. script`, but `. script == source script`

---
**[Is there a difference between “.” and “source” in bash, after all?](https://askubuntu.com/questions/182012/is-there-a-difference-between-and-source-in-bash-after-all?lq=1)**

Generally speaking, you can run any executable file in a shell by invoking it with a name that contains at least one `/` character. To run a file in the current directory, preceding it by `./` is thus the easiest way. Unless the current directory is in your `PATH`, you cannot run the script with the command `testenv.sh`. This is to prevent people from accidentally executing files in the current directory when they intend to execute a system command or some other file that exists in some directory listed in the `PATH` environment variable.

When you invoke an executable by name as above (and not with the . or source shell built-ins), what shell program is used to run it is not usually determined by what shell you're running it from.

---

**[How to Set Environment Variables in Linux](https://www.serverlab.ca/tutorials/linux/administration-linux/how-to-set-environment-variables-in-linux/)**

**Setting an Environment Variable**
To set an environment variable the export command is used. We give the variable a name, which is what is used to access it in shell scripts and configurations, and then a value to hold whatever data is needed in the variable.

```shell
export NAME=VALUE
```

**Unsetting an Environment Variable**
To unset an environment variable, which removes its existence all together, we use the unset command. Simply replace the environment variable with an empty string will not remove it, and in most cases will likely cause problems with scripts or application expecting a valid value.

```shell
unset VARIABLE_NAME
```

**Listing All Set Environment Variables**

To list all environment variables, we simply use the set command without any arguments.
```shell
set
```

When an environment variable is set from the shell using the export command, its existence ends when the user’s sessions ends.

To make an environment persistent for a user’s environment, we export the variable from the user’s profile script.

```
// Open the current user’s profile into a text editor
vi ~/.bash_profile

// Add the export command for every environment variable you want to persist.
export JAVA_HOME=/opt/openjdk11

// Save your changes.
```
Adding the environment variable to a user’s bash profile alone will not export it automatically. However, the variable will be exported the next time the user logs in.

**Setting Persistent Global Environment Variables**
All global profile settings are stored under /etc/profile. And while this file can be edited directory, it is actually recommended to store global environment variables in a directory named /etc/profile.d, where you will find a list of files that are used to set environment variables for the entire system.

---

