**[Demystifying memory management in modern programming languages](https://deepu.tech/memory-management-in-programming/)**

When a software runs on a target Operating system on a computer it needs access to the computer's RAM to:

- load its own bytecode that needs to be executed.
- store the data values and data structures used by the program that is executed.
- load any run-time systems that are required for the program to execute.

When a software program uses memory there are two regions of memory they use, apart from the space used to load the bytecode, Stack and Heap memory.

The satck is used for static memory allocation and as the name suggests it is a last in first out stack.
Heap is used for dynamic memory allocation and unlike stack, the program needs to look up the data in heap using pointers.

Memory management of the stack is simple and straightforward and is done by the OS.

Stack used in JavaScript, objects are stored in Heap and referenced when needed.

Heap is used for dynamic memory allocation and unlike stack, the program needs to look up the data in heap using pointers
It is slower than stack as the process of looking up data is more involved but it can store more data than the stack.

Heap is shared among threads of an application.

Garbage collection approaches:

- Mark & Sweep GC
- Reference counting GC

**Conclusion:**
**What difference between stack and heap?**
|stack|heap|
|:-|:-|
|The stack is used for static memory allocation. The heap is used for dynamic memory allocation.|The process of storing and retrieving data from stack is faster than heap.|
| The data that is stored on the stack has to be finite and static. It means the size of data is known at compile-time.|The data with dynamic size can be stored on the heap.|
|Multi-threaded applications can have a stack per thread.|Heap is shared among threads of an application.|
|There is a limit on the size of value that can be stored on the stack for most languages.|There is no limit on the size of value that can be stored on the heap. But there is the upper limit of how much memory is allocated to the application.|

**What means static memory allocation?**
A: In computer programming, a static variable is a variable that has been allocated "statically", meaning that its lifetime is the entire run of the program. Static memory allocation is the allocation of memory at compile time, before the associated program is executed.

**What means dynamic memory allocation?**
A: Memory is allocated as required at run time.

---
